[PS] SpringCloud module migrate to autorest v4 (#27531)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/SpringCloud/SpringCloud.Autorest/README.md

    
title: SpringCloud
module-version: 0.1.0

disable-transform-identity-type-for-operation:
   - Apps_Update
ps-pipeline-input-disable-getByIteself-and-enable-listByParent: false

directive:
  # TODO: retire on March 31, 2028
  - where:
      verb: (.*)
    set:
      breaking-change:
        deprecated-by-version: 0.3.2
        deprecated-by-azversion: 19.3.0

>         change-effective-date: 2028/03/31

Reviewer: Please double check this property. I don't remember its meaning.

Author: We are following [the breaking change message docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/documentation/development-docs/breakingchange-for-autogen-module.md#case-1--module-is-deprecated)

>         change-description: Azure Spring Apps, including the Standard consumption and dedicated (currently in Public Preview only), Basic, Standard, and Enterprise plans, will be retired, please see details on https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/spring-apps/basic-standard/retirement-announcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        change-description: Azure Spring Apps, including the Standard consumption and dedicated (currently in Public Preview only), Basic, Standard, and Enterprise plans, will be retired, please see details on https://aka.ms/asaretirement.
```

Author: Thanks
